So, how do we know that Jesus did not become king when he was on earth
or immediately after he was resurrected?
Oh, because he didn't.
Well, what did Jesus teach his disciples to pray?
Oh, yeah, well, I know the obvious.
Let your kingdom come, implied future tents.
But how come you know for sure what's going on in heaven?
Maybe it would help if we reviewed the sighted scriptures here?
Before you leave, a suggestion.
Maybe you were to study ahead of time.
How about no?
I'm really swamped.
I know you're busy.
We all are.
You have no clue, do you?
I gotta go.
I didn't know what to do next.
I thought she was making our study a priority,
but maybe she wasn't.
Next week, it's dual die time.
Then, I remembered 1 Corinthians 3 verse 6
that God keeps making it grow.
So I asked him to help Jade.
Then left it with him.
Look, I need to apologize.
Forget it.
You were stressed.
Yeah, but there's more.
Inside, I knew you were right.
It's just the last thing I wanted to stop.
Really?
How about I show you how I prepare?
Okay.